I'm Tri, a security engineer at Google.
My department is Detection and Response.
Let's see,
what does my everyday look like?
Well, of course I have the free lunch
and coffee, which is nice.
And then I finally get to my desk
and I open up the SIEM to see
what kind of exciting events
are there for me to look into
and what threats there could be out there
for me to analyze.
Also, I work on improving our analysis
for detection of potential threats.
So my security passion
developed at a young age.
I was a victim of a hack,
believe it or not.
After school every day at that time
I would go home and play a computer game.
One day I got home, I brought it up
and it said, "Your CD key is in use by...",
and then it gave some strange name there
that I didn't recognize.
At first I felt shocked.
I had bought this game myself
and somebody stole my CD key,
but it did provide me this motivation
to start to learn how to defend myself.
For example,
I learned about manual removal of malware,
and that became one of my favorite topics.
Also, for fun,
I started doing some white hat hacker
activity against some of my friends.
Asset security is a very important field,
and there's many varieties of assets
that you could be looking into to protect.
My favorite part is building
the detections
that actually have the potential
to catch malicious behavior.
In asset management security,
you have the ability
to accurately inventory
all of the assets
which include IP, user data,
employee machines,
and to make sure you have
a security posture
that's on par with what you need.
There's always new technology
coming on the scene, new hardware,
and we are responsible for understanding
what potential new threats are out there.
Problem
solving ability and creative thinking
is important in cybersecurity
because there's always complex problems,
and people need to be able to think
outside of the box, think creatively,
and think holistically as they approach
their solutions to mitigate risks.
Cybersecurity is a noble occupation.
Many things can happen.
Many bad
things can happen on the Internet,
but we can be there to stand up against it
and we can be there
to do something about it.
We can be there to protect our users,
or family members, or friends.
That responsibility is heavy.
But also, of course, it's
a very important mission.
And I am proud to
be within the security team.